[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
In response, Doflamingo trapped
the kingdom inside a barrier
and challenged all
present to a game.
Amidst the chaos, he also
put prices on the heads
of Luffy and his allies, turning
the entire kingdom against them.
As the Straw Hats do battle with
the fierce fighters of
the Don Quixote Family,
Luffy and Law rush
to the royal palace
to take down Doflamingo himself.
However, as soon as they
reached their destination,
they were targeted by Sugar,
who wanted vengeance
for her previous defeat.
[SUGAR] Neither Trafalgar Law
or Monkey D. Luffy
know who I am or
what I look like.
This should be a real cake walk.
[USOPP] Hey, Luffy!
I know you can't hear me,
but I really don't wanna hit
the seas without you, buddy!
[USOPP]
I see them!
Special! Long-Range
Attack! Bag Worm!
Huh?
[SUGAR screams]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
Sugar, no!
Damn it, she's knocked
out cold again!
[USOPP]
I got your back.
Just keep pushing ahead!
Mingo! We're here!
Welcome to my roost.
Please disregard the mess.
I wasn't expecting
any company this late.
So, do tell me.
What brings you
vermin here today?
I'm here to whoop
your sorry butt!
Same here.
How sad. For you.
[LUFFY READS ALOUD]
But how?
[GLADIUS]
Huh?
Well, that explains
their giant stature.
Each toy was made up
of several soldiers.
No qualms with turning
your own comrades
into weapons, I see!
How dastardly!
Have you no honor?
[GLADIUS] Impossible.
Did Sugar pass out again?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE C]
Come on, Sugar!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE D]
Wake up! You gotta stay with us!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES]
Please, Sugar!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE E cries]
That was awful!
We thought we were gonna
be stuck as that thing
for the rest of our lives!
[GLADIUS]
Have a little more faith in us.
We were going to turn you back
as soon as the battle ended,
without question.
Yeah? That really true?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE H]
I should have known better!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE I]
Shame on us!
[GLADIUS]
Fools. They don't realize
we too forgot that
they even existed.
[BARTOLOMEO]
All right!
My barrier's all recharged
and ready to go!
If you pinheads wanna
step up to Mister Luffy,
you'll have to get through me!
[GLADIUS] Heh. You fleas think
you have a shot just because
the toys are no longer
at our command?
Your confidence is
utterly baseless.
I will finish you off,
personally.
I'm not about to
let my captain down.
I imagine one's
acclaim would soar
by defeating an Executive.
Nothing can stop me
from trouncing you now!
[BARTOLOMEO]
Heh.
[laughing]
No, Bellamy!
[chuckles] Concerned
for him, huh?
Interesting. You two had
a fight back in Mock Town,
if I recall, right?
[DOFLAMINGO]
When did guys get so chummy?
Yeah! When? Go on. Go on!
Hey! Hey! Don't
leave us hanging!
When? When? Huh?
The time of pirates'
dreams are over!
[BELLAMY] So when I see people
chasing dreams of One Piece,
I get disgusted.
I don't care about
the past. Let Bellamy go!
Heh.
[BELLAMY groans]
[DOFLAMINGO] Nah. That's for
the victor to decide.
This pitiful worm
crawled here just to die.
Isn't that right, Bellamy?
[DOFLAMINGO]
Go on. Tell him.
You entered the
coliseum competition
to earn an Executive
spot in my family.
But it was hard, wasn't it?
You got your ass handed to you.
[DOFLAMINGO]
That pathetic display was
more than enough reason for me
to put you out of your misery,
but I gave you a second chance.
If you killed Straw Hat,
I would, in turn,
accept you as an Executive.
But you didn't deliver
on our agreement,
which is why I think
your punishment
should be final this time.
It's only fair, Bellamy.
[BELLAMY grunting]
There's a big wave that's about
to crash through this world,
and I think that Doflamingo's
ship can ride it out.
Either way, I'm done
laughing at you.
Doflamingo is
a real hero of mine.
I've been a fan
ever since I was a kid.
[BELLAMY crying]
Even now, I'm loyal
to Doflamingo!
No matter what,
I'll always respect him.
[DOFLAMINGO]
I believe it's about time
for you to take responsibility.
Thoughts, Bellamy?
You worshiped the
ground I walked on,
but when things got too tough,
you got desperate.
Truly pathetic.
Cry if you like,
but people can't change
the nature they're born with.
How sad you'll never
amount to anything more
than a dime-a-dozen
thug, Bellamy!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
Bellamy did change!
You take that back now!
It's okay.
Just... kill me already.
I beg you.
[laughs]
[yells]
Hey. Straw Hat!
Set Bellamy free, Mingo!
[gasps] Damn it! I'm sorry!
Didn't we just talk
about this, huh? You moron!
I told you if you lose your cool
he gets exactly what he wants!
He's provoking you!
Control your anger!
Or he wins.
[LAW]
Next time you lose your temper,
you could wind up
losing your head.
I foolishly found
that out firsthand.
[LAW] Doflamingo is a
manipulative, heartless monster.
Always looking to expose
a moment of weakness.
[laughing]
You kicked your dyin'
buddy in the face!
Now that's a riot! [laughs]
Why'd you do that? Huh? Huh?
He's sure seen better days!
Bam! Right in the nose! [laughs]
What'd you say?
They're just goading you!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
How dare you, Law!
I'm hurt that you think
of me as "heartless."
[DOFLAMINGO] "Spiteful" maybe,
and a man who loses his temper
from time to time, yes.
But heartless? Give me
a bit more credit.
Think about the position
you all put me in.
Remember what you did?
[DOFLAMINGO]
You started this by destroying
my SAD production machinery.
Then, you attacked
both Vergo and Monet.
You also abducted Caesar.
Recently, you barged
into my home
here in Dressrosa and
freed all the toys.
And at present,
your people are currently
attempting to destroy
my SMILE factory.
I've tolerated your
antics long enough.
But you know why
I'm still smiling?
'Cause I'm thinking about
what I'll do to you!
[TREBOL laughs]
Actually, what's most
insulting is that
you think you can
come up and kill me.
Though I admit, you have
made my life difficult.
It feels like I'm
re-experiencing the trauma
of what happened 13 years ago.
If it wasn't for that moment,
I would have never come back
seeking revenge on
a twisted bastard like you!
If it wasn't for
that very incident, Law,
you'd be here answering
to me as "Corazon."
You know that's
the undeniable truth.
Now. Black Knight,
give them a show!
[LAW]
Huh? Another clone?
Take that one, Traffy!
I'll get the real Mingo!
Move, Bellamy!
Hey, what was that?
I thought we were cool!
I told you I was sorry!
[yells]
[BELLAMY yells]
[LAW] Straw Hat! He's being
used like a puppet!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[BELLAMY groans]
I'm sorry, Straw Hat.
Stop me! Please, somehow!
Commodore...
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasp]
...Hug!
Take this! Lite version
King Punch!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
[BOTH yell]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasp]
[IDEO]
Come here! Destruction Canon!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
[giggles]
Guillotine High-Heel!
[DELLINGER giggles]
Your nifty Destruction Cannon
can make anything
go kablooey, right?
[squeals] I find it to be
quite delightful! Destruction!
[HAJRUDIN yells]
Here I go!
Ton, ton, Ten-Ton Vise!
[HAJRUDIN groans]
[yells]
There's only one way
this can end!
I'm taking you out!
[gasps]
You're all mine now!
[BABY 5 gasps]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES yelling]
Yeah! Come at me!
Barrier Crush, go!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
Now, Mil Fleurs!
Gigantesco mano!
[gasps]
[ROBIN]
Stomp!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
[CAVENDISH]
Blade of Beauty! Round Table!
[WOMEN]
Yeah, Señor, go!
[WOMEN squeal]
Bring it!
I'm already here!
[grunting]
That s'pposed to hurt me?
[FRANKY]
Huh?
Sorry. All I felt was a gentle
breeze against my bonnet.
[WOMAN 664B]
Oh! He's so cool!
I would trade anything just
be his bonnet for a minute!
[WOMEN]
He's the toughest of the tough!
[FRANKY] Heh. If you think you
can do better, then be my guest!
Let's go!
[grunts]
[FRANKY]
Heh! Baby slaps!
You're gonna need more than
a dirty diaper to waste me.
Was that the pitter-patter of
a caterpillar tickling my brow?
[DWARVES]
He's so cool!
[DWARF A]
Fraland! Aww yeah!
[WOMEN squeal]
[DWARVES cheer]
I dunno how important
this guy is to you,
but if you want him to stop,
you need to
knock his lights out!
[BELLAMY] Just listen to him!
Please, Straw Hat!
[LUFFY]
I can't do it!
You're my friend!
[gasps]
[BELLAMY groaning]
[DOFLAMINGO]
Another hit or two from your pal
should finish you off.
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
Seems like a
fitting end for you.
Do you remember what I told you
all those years ago, Law?
"Weaklings don't have the right
to decide how they get to die."
[screams]
You bastard, Mingo!
We came all this way and the
coward won't fight us himself!
Hey, Traffy! I think it's time!
He's pissing me off!
You moron.
That's our secret plan!
You never listen, do you?
I'm calling it! Gum-Gum...
You dumbass.
I could strangle you!
[LUFFY yelling]
Is he going straight for Law?
Did his brain go mush
under all this pressure?
Now that's too funny! [laughs]
Room, go!
[DOFLAMINGO]
Hm?
[yelling]
Ready? Shambles!
...Red Hawk!
[DOFLAMINGO groans]
[LUFFY yells]
[gasps] Doffy!
Huh?
Now, Radio Knife.
[TREBOL gasps]
[LAW]
Damn it, Straw Hat!
You really are
the worst, aren't you?
What can I say?
That's just our Generation!
[NARRATOR]
Pulling off their secret plan,
Luffy and Law
go on the offensive!
However, as Doflamingo's
patience runs thin,
he launches one overwhelming
counterattack after another,
backing his opponents
into a corner once again.
In the midst of
their brutal battle,
the shocking history of
the coldblooded Warlord
is revealed at last.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Noble Family!
The True Identity
of Doflamingo!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!